{"Neil Patrick Harris":"Gay","Sarah Paulson":"Bisexual","Wanda Sykes":"Lesbian","David Burtka":"Gay","Wentworth Miller":"Gay","Alan Cumming":"Bisexual","Cherry Jones":"Lesbian","Jane Lynch":"Lesbian","Zachary Quinto":"Gay","Ellen Page":"Lesbian","Chris Colfer":"Gay","Lady Gaga":"Bisexual","Megan Fox":"Bisexual","Amber Heard":"Bisexual","Angelina Jolie":"Bisexual","Ian McKellen":"Gay","Matt Bomer":"Gay","Meredith Baxter":"Lesbian","Ellen DeGeneres":"Lesbian","Fiona Shaw":"Lesbian","Portia de Rossi":"Lesbian","Jodie Foster":"Lesbian","Cynthia Nixon":"Bisexual","Queen Latifah":"Lesbian","Rosie O'Donnell":"Lesbian","Sara Gilbert":"Lesbian","Ricky Martin":"Gay","Jim Parsons":"Gay","Elton John":"Gay","Tom Ford":"Gay","Heather Matarazzo":"Lesbian","Carrie Brownstein":"Bisexual","Michelle Rodriguez":"Bisexual","Anna Paquin":"Bisexual","Fergie":"Bisexual","Clive Davis":"Bisexual","Jillian Michaels":"Bisexual","Michael Stipe":"Gay","Anderson Cooper":"Gay","Tracy Chapman":"Lesbian","Alice Walker":"Lesbian","Victor Garber":"Gay","Melissa Etheridge":"Lesbian","Matt Dallas":"Gay","Ezra Miller":"Bisexual","Raven-Symoné":"Bisexual","Bob Harper":"Gay","Maria Bello":"Lesbian","Chely Wright":"Lesbian","Kristian Nairn":"Gay","Guillermo Díaz":"Gay","Jonathan Groff":"Gay","Lily Tomlin":"Lesbian","Jonathan Bennett":"Gay","Nathan Lane":"Gay","George Takei":"Gay","Tom Lenk":"Gay","Jesse Tyler Ferguson":"Gay","Chad Allen":"Gay","Luke Macfarlane":"Gay","Denis O'Hare":"Gay","Ryan Murphy":"Gay","Drew Barrymore":"Bisexual","Andrew Rannells":"Gay","Gillian Anderson":"Bisexual","Sam Smith":"Gay","Frank Ocean":"Gay","David Hyde Pierce":"Gay","Maulik Pancholy":"Gay","Robin Roberts":"Lesbian","RuPaul":"Gay","Jenna Wolfe":"Lesbian","Jim Nabors":"Gay","Sean Maher":"Gay","Sean Hayes":"Gay","Adam Lambert":"Gay","Clay Aiken":"Gay","Rupert Everett":"Gay","k.d. lang":"Lesbian","Rock Hudson":"Gay","Anne Heche":"Bisexual","Jussie Smollett":"Jussie Smollett, who plays gay singer-songwriter Jamal on the hit Fox show Empire, came out as gay in an interview with Ellen DeGeneres.‘I say that I don’t talk about my personal life, I’m saying that. But it is in no way to hide or deny who God made me. Ya know?’ he said.‘My mama knows. My mama likes me a lot,’ Smollett added. ‘And yes I take her to the Sound of Music sing-along every, single year.’","Patricia Velasquez":"Lesbian","Joel Grey":"Actor Joel Grey came out as gay at the age of 82.The father of actress Jennifer Grey, who was married to actress Jo Wilder for 24 years, has said he now feels comfortable being known in public as a gay man.‘I don’t like labels,’ Grey told People magazine. ‘But if you have to put a label on it, I’m a gay man.’","Lucas Cruikshank":"Gay","Cheyenne Jackson":"Gay","David Furnish":"Gay","T.R. Knight":"Gay","Jake Zyrus":"Jake Zyrus, the Filipino singer formerly known as Charice, came out as a trans man in mid-June with a simple “Thank You” note on Instagram.“From the bottom of my heart, thank you for the love and respect,” Jake wrote on Instagram. “I love you back and I'm sending peace to everyone.”He had previously come out as a lesbian in 2013, and in a 2014 interview with Oprah, talked about his gender identity and about how his “soul is male.”","George Michael":"Gay","Jake Shears":"Gay","Linda Perry":"Lesbian","Rob Halford":"Gay","Freddie Mercury":"Gay","David Bowie":"Bisexual","Mika":"Gay","Frankie Grande":"Gay","Lance Bass":"Gay","Billie Joe Armstrong":"Bisexual","Amy Winehouse":"Bisexual","ILoveMakonnen":"The 28-year-old Atlanta rapper (known mostly for his hit song “Tuesday”) came out as gay back in January during a heartfelt string of tweets. His coming out added much needed queer visibility to the genre of hip-hop, but it wasn’t without some backlash, the most notable being homophobic criticism from rap group Migos.","Gia Gunn":"Season 6 RuPaul’s Drag Race contestant Gia Gunn came out as trans in an April Instagram post. The emotional video coincided with International Transgender Day of Visibility. I can only hope the best for each and every single one of my trans brothers and sisters, Gia said. Let's be visible.","Cody Alan":"The beloved Country Music Television personality came out as gay in a January interview with People magazine. Country music is so diverse and perhaps the most supportive music industry that exists, Alan told People. My story’s very real, and that’s what country music is: I live a real life that’s had twists and turns, ups and downs, and it’s kind of a country song in and of itself!","Anthony Bowens":"With the help of his YouTuber boyfriend Michael Pavano (right), professional WWE wrestler Anthony Bowens (left) was able to confront the oppressive hypermasculinity and heteronormativity of the athletic world and come out as bisexual in March.","Alia Shawkat":"In a May interview with Out Magazine, Arrested Development actress Alia Shawkat came out as bi. How do you identify with these [queer] characters [you've played]? Out asked her in the interview. I was a tomboy growing up, and I remember my mom asking me when I was 10, 'Are you attracted to boys or girls?' I said I don’t know. Now I consider myself bisexual, and I think balancing my male and female energies has been a big part of me growing as an actor,” Alia answered.","Zeke Smith":"Although Survivor: Game Changers contestant Zeke Smith’s public coming out wasn’t on his own terms (he was outed on national TV back in April by a petty cast member who was trying to save himself from elimination), he has found some good in the experience, teaching people in an op-ed for The Hollywood Reporter that gender identity is very personal, and that people should be allowed to live as privately as they want to be.","Shawn Barber":"Shawn Barber, Olympian and Canadian pole vaulting champion, came out as gay in a Facebook post back in April.Gay and proud!” Shawn said in the post. “Thank you to my parents for being such a great support. I continue to grow as a person and have a great support group. My parents are my greatest support and have helped me through a lot recently. To my friends, you are always my friends and I love you too!","Keiynan Lonsdale":"Actor Keiynan Lonsdale (known for playing Wally West on The CW’s hit superhero show The Flash) came out as bisexual on Instagram in May. I like to change my hair, I like to take risks with how I dress, I like girls, & I like guys the Australian actor said. I gotta take the next step & actually embrace who I am, which is pretty exciting. Not faking shit anymore, not apologising for falling in love with people no matter their gender. ","Barry Manilow":"The very private singing legend finally opened up about his sexuality and revealed that he is gay in an April interview with People magazine.","Kristen Stewart":"Kristen, who has been crushing it in foreign and indie films like Clouds of Sils Maria, Certain Women, and Personal Shopper lately, has never confirmed or denied being attracted to women, but while being interviewed by Elle UK she gushed about her new girlfriend, Alicia Cargile.","Daniel Newman":"Daniel Newman, one of the stars on the smash AMC show The Walking Dead, came out as bisexual in March after posting a YouTube video talking about his sexuality. ","Shannon Purser":"Shannon Purser, Stranger Things and Riverdale actress, came out as bisexual on Twitter back in April. ","Taylor Bennett":"Taylor Bennett, Chance the Rapper’s brother who also happens to be a fellow MC, took to Twitter in January to come out as bisexual. Growing up I've always felt indifferent about my sexuality & being attracted 2 one sex & today I would like to openly come out to my fans,” he said. “I do recognize myself as a bisexual male & do & have always openly supported the gay community & will keep doing so in 2017. #ThankYou.","Diora Baird":"The Shameless actress came out as lesbian to The Advocate in May, and opened up about her relationship with comedian Mav Viola.","Jill Soloway":"The creator of the critically-acclaimed Amazon series Transparent and the new show I Love Dick came out as trans in a May interview with The Guardian. “I identify as trans, which means that I am not seeking to synthesize my appearance with the label assigned to me at birth and instead am opting to live in a space where a label other than male or female is used to define me,” Soloway, who prefers gender-neutral pronouns, said. ","Thomas Dekker":"After being outed by Hannibal and American Gods creator Bryan Fuller (who was speaking on a panel at the LGBT film festival Outfest), Heroes actor Thomas Dekker came out as gay in an emotional July 13 Instagram post.“My sexual orientation once again came into question this week when a prominent gay man used an awards acceptance speech to ‘out’ me,” Dekker said on Instagram. “While he did not mention me by name, the explicit details of his reference made it easy for the public and media to connect the dots. While it is an odd situation, I thank him because it presents a prime opportunity for me to publicly say that I am indeed a man who proudly loves other men. In fact, this April, I married my husband and I could not be happier.”","Jordan Gavaris":"Although he’s been out to his family since he was 19, 27-year-old Orphan Black actor Jordan Garavis waited until June of 2017 to publicly come out as gay.In an interview with Vulture, Garavis offered this explanation:“I guess that’s where I’m at in terms of coming out publicly: I had this position when I started on the show that it shouldn’t matter. And I believe that. I hope that one day, the world gets to a place where you don’t need to politicize your sexuality any more than someone needs to politicize their race — that we can just act and we can exist in this Zeitgeist, telling stories about one another. And that no one’s afraid, maybe, to come out. But also that no one’s really hyperobsessed with knowing whether or not someone’s gay. That would be an amazing world to live in, where people don’t feel the need to protect themselves and other people don’t feel the need to launch an inquisition.”","Ryan O'Callaghan":"The former New England Patriots and Kansas City Chiefs player came out as gay in June during an emotional interview with Outsports.“People need to understand that we are everywhere. We’re your sons, your daughters, your teammates, your neighbors. And honestly, even some of your husbands and wives. You just don’t know it yet,” he said. “It’s not always easy being honest, but I can tell you it’s much easier and more enjoyable being yourself and not living a lie.”","Gavin Russom":"The founding member of the band LCD Soundsystem came out as a trans woman in early July.“Over the last year and a half, I went from my trans identity being something I was in touch with and worked through in one way or another, to suddenly this shift where it’s on the front burner,” Russom, who uses female pronouns and her old name, told Pitchfork. “Now it's time to become a whole person.”","Scott Frantz":"NCAA Division I college football player Scott Frantz came out as gay in an interview with ESPN in July.As Outsports points out, he is only the third active Division I player in history to publicly come out of the closet.“I’ve never felt so loved and so accepted ever in my life than when I did that,” Frantz said about his coming out. “And ever since then it’s been great. I’ve grown so much closer to my teammates since then.”","Brian Michael Smith":"In a July interview with NBC, actor Brian Michael Smith (who plays Toine Wilkins on OWN's Queen Sugar) came out as transgender. I was really working from an incomplete version of myself, he said. I was leaning into the parts that were comfortable for me: roles around moving from one town to another or dating and things like that. Things I was comfortable with, I was able to do. It wasn’t that there was any shame or anything like that, I just wasn’t ready to explore that in my work. But the more time I spent doing the acting training and doing a lot of self-investigation and through therapy, I became more comfortable with my entire self as a person.Continuing, Smith said:In my personal life I felt a little bit more complete and accepting of my entire experience, and I wanted to do the same thing in my work. There were a lot experiences I had during my transition and post transition, and I feel that I learned a lot, and I wanted to share that through my work as an artist. I felt that because of the amount of time that I’ve been training and the experiences I’ve been able to collect, I’m at a place as a performer that I could truly bring these things to work. Also, because of the work that you’ve been doing and Laverne Cox and GLAAD have been doing, there are more roles that have trans people in them that are better written and rooted in authenticity. This is definitely the time.","Sue Bird":"Four-time Olympic gold medalist and two-time WNBA championship-winning basketball player Sue Bird publicly came out as a lesbian in a July interview with ESPN. She even opened up about dating fellow queer athlete and soccer player Megan Rapinoe!I'm gay. Megan's my girlfriend, Bird, who has been out to her loved ones since 2002, said. These aren't secrets to people who know me. I don't feel like I've not lived my life. I think people have this assumption that if you're not talking about it, you must be hiding it, like it's this secret. That was never the case for me.​She continued: It's happening when it's happening because that's what feels right. So even though I understand there are people who think I should have done it sooner, it wasn't right for me at the time. I have to be true to that. It's my journey.","Greyson Chance":"The 19-year-old singing sensation (who rose to fame after his cover of Lady Gaga's Paparazzi went viral) came out as gay in a July Instagram post.I came to fully recognize that I was gay when I was sixteen, Greyson wrote.He continued:I decided not to publicize my sexuality largely due to a matter of privacy, as I was still trying to find comfort and confidence within my own skin. Further, I always found conversations regarding music, politics, art, books—and the greatness of Nas’ catalog—to be far more interesting than what type of guy I was into. This is still true today. While this message is most definitely overdue, I encourage anyone who is navigating their sexuality to devote as much time as they need to the process of finding self-confidence, self-acceptance, and self-love. Hell, for me, it took years to write this message. Nevertheless, I figured now was the time to let a few more friends know that I am happy, I am here for you, and I am proud of who I am.","Aaron Carter":"Aaron Carter came out as bisexual in a heartfelt post on his Twitter account.There’s something I’d like to say that I feel is important for myself and my identity that has been weighing on my chest for nearly half of my life, the “I Want Candy” singer wrote in his statement. I grew up in the entertainment industry at a very young age, and when I was around 13-years-old I started to find boys and girls attractive.” ","Lil Peep":"In the same week Aaron Carter came out as bi, up-and-coming alternative hip-hop artist Lil Peep also took to Twitter to announce that he is also bisexual.Photo: Instagram ","Colin Jackson":"The BBC sports host and Olympic hurdler did an interview for a Swedish documentary called Rainbow Heroes where he recalled coming out as gay to his parents in 2006. He kept his sexuality out of the public eye for many years because, according to The Guardian, he was afraid of it being sensationalized. ","Katie Sowers":"In early August, Katie Sowers (the NFL's only current female coach) came out as lesbian in an interview with Outsports.No matter what you do in life, one of the most important things is to be true to who you are, Sowers said. There are so many people who identify as LGBT in the NFL, as in any business, that do not feel comfortable being public about their sexual orientation. The more we can create an environment that welcomes all types of people, no matter their race, gender, sexual orientation, religion, the more we can help ease the pain and burden that many carry every day.Sowers, who is the seasonal offensive assistant for the San Francisco 49ers, is also the NFL's first and only openly gay coach.","Haaz Sleiman":"The Nurse Jackie actor posted a video to Twitter in late August, where he came out as gay and a total bottom. I am a gay, Muslim, Arab, American man, he said in the video. I'm gonna take it even further. Not only am I gay, but I’m also a bottom. Not only am I a bottom, but I’m also a total bottom, which means I like it up you know where.","Teddy Quinlivan":"After having walked in over 150 fashion shows since 2015, including most recently in the New York Fashion Week, model Teddy Quinlivan opened up in 2017 about being transgender.I've decided to reveal my trans identity because of the political climate in the world right now—particularly in the United States, Quinlivan told CNN in September. We made an amazing progression under the Obama administration, and since the new administration took office there's been a kind of backlash.She continued:There's been violence against transgender people—particularly transgender women of color—since before I even knew what transgender was. I just felt a great sense of urgency. I'm very fortunate to be in (a) position (that) I never really thought I would be. It's really important to take advantage of a time like this.","Brandon Flynn":"As a response to seeing anti-marriage equality messages in Australia, actor Brandon Flynn (who plays Justin Foley on the beloved Netflix original series 13 Reasons Why) identified himself as a member of the LGBT community in an emotional Instagram post in September. He said: Just saw the vote no message in the sky, looming over Sydney. Thank you for raising money and hiring on a plane to write your lack of support amongst the clouds. I hope your hate and lack of understanding fades, just like those words will. Too many of my friends have been kicked out of their homes, kept in the closet, beat up, killed, ridiculed by church and state, institutionalized... and you are scared that if we vote YES, you won't be able to show your hate for Us. Fuck that. We've been scared shitless our whole lives thanks to all the stigmas that surround Us, stigmas that were set in place by the same kind of people who flew that plane over Sydney. We've fought, we've come out bravely even in our fear, and you wrote a message in the sky because you're scared. Equality takes courage, it worries me that too many people in this world lack the balls to stand up for what is right. #fuckhate","Gordon Thomson":"The original actor who portrayed the hunky yet villainous Adam Carrington in the iconic '80s soap opera Dynasty opened up about being gay in a late-September interview with The Daily Beast.It was not until I was nearly 30 that [homosexuality] stopped being classified as a mental illness in the U.S. So you’re dealing with that. And the shame, the breathtaking lack of self-esteem, has only just begun to seep out of my soul, Thomson said about having an acting career while still being in the closet. ","Etta Ng":"Iconic actor and martial artist Jackie Chan's daughter Etta Ng came out as a lesbian in early October in an Instagram post addressed to her fans. In case no one got the memo, I’m gay, she said.","Dan Amboyer":"Actor Dan Amboyer, from TV Land's Younger, came out as gay in October after tying the knot with his longterm boyfriend Eric Berger. Despite being strongly advised to keep all mention of his sexuality a secret, Amboyer had other plans in mind for his happiness.Being a young actor in the industry, I had a lot of people who strongly advised me to stay quiet, Amboyer told People Magazine. He continued: It was a hard decision to figure out how to approach it in a public way. There are some actors out there now who just keep it as an unspoken aspect of their life and never discuss it in public. But then there are men like Matt Bomer and Zachary Quinto. I look up to them and see how them being so open affected other people and the country’s perception of gay people. And Nico Tortorella, who is also on Younger, has inspired me by the way he’s become such an advocate for sexual fluidity. I think the more open actors can be the less stigma there will be attached, which will be a positive thing moving forward.","Kevin Spacey":"After Star Trek: Discovery actor Anthony Rapp accused House of Cards star Kevin Spacey of making a sexual advance on him when he was only 14, the 58-year-old issued an apology on Twitter and came out as gay in late October. I have loved and had romantic encounters with men throughout my life, and I choose now to live as a gay man, said Spacey. I want to deal with this honestly and openly and that starts with examining my own behavior.","Lauren Jauregui":"This Fifth Harmony singer came out as bisexual after the election. Jauregui blasted Trump voters in an open letter, writing: Your words are worthless, because your actions have led to the single-handed destruction of all the progress we've made socially as a nation. You have, with your pure ignorance and refusal to understand the way the government and the world works, allowed a power-hungry business tycoon to take over the United States of America. … You are HYPOCRITES.","Saara Alto":"This striking singer came in second on The X-Factor, the popular British reality competiton. She also publicly came out, becoming one of the first celebrities in Finland to do so. ","Rowan Blanchard":"The Girl Meets World actress took to Twitter this year to let people know,”Yes, [I'm] open to liking any gender in the future which is why I identify as queer.”","Bella Thorne":"Best known as CeCe on Disney Channel's Shake it Up, the star came out as bisexual via Twitter earlier this year. Next, look for her as the star of Famous in Love on Freeform, from Pretty Little Liars creator I. Marlene King.  ","Marcelas Owens":"Marcelas Owens, known as the Obamacare kid for speaking in support of the Affordable Care Act, came out as a transgender woman this year.","Elena Delle Donne":"In a recent interview with Vogue, the WNBA star opened up about her life in Chicago, her dog, and her beautiful female fiancée.","Amandla Stenberg":"When this 17-year-old New York University film student and The Hunger Games actress isn’t commanding attention on the big screen or headed to class, you can hear her speak proudly about her bisexuality.","Clea DuVall":"If you were queer in the '90s you most likely worshipped Clea DuVall, who played numerous gay characters in film and TV (memorably in But I'm a Cheerleader). Now she's stepping behind the camera and living her life as an out and proud lesbian.","Mara Wilson":"Starring in Matilda and Mrs. Doubtfire, Mara Wilson was our favorite wide-eyed child actress, but now she’s all grown up, an accomplished writer, and openly bisexual.","Stephanie Beatriz":"Stephanie Beatriz, who plays a detective on Brooklyn Nine-Nine, came at as bisexual on Twitter this summer.","Alexis G. Zal":"This YouTube star celebrated her 18th birthday in June by proudly coming out.","Rebecca Sugar":"The creator of the adorable animated series Steven Universe came out as bi at this year's Comic-Con.","Erin O’Flaherty":"Miss Missouri Erin O'Flaherty made history this year as the first out lesbian contestant in the Miss America contest.","Stefanie Dolson":"The center for the Washington Mystics talked with ESPN: The Magazine about dating a woman and said, I'm not attracted to someone's gender. I'm attracted to their energy as a being.","Claire Kittrell":"The YouTube personality and Hollywood Hillbillies star came out as a trans woman in a moving video.","Eva Gutowski":"This wildly popular YouTube star came out as bisexual over the summer.","Rachele Bruni":"Rachele Bruni had just won the gold medal in long-distance swimming at the Rio Olympics when she dedicated the achievement to her “beloved,” Diletta Faina.","Sara Ramirez":"Not only did she play a bisexual doctor on TV, Grey’s Anatomy star Sara Ramirez is bisexual in real life. She came out in October during the True Colors summit in Los Angeles, saying, “Because of the intersections that exist in my own life: Woman, multi-racial woman, woman of color, queer, bisexual, Mexican-Irish American, immigrant, and raised by families heavily rooted in Catholicism on both my Mexican and Irish sides, I am deeply invested in projects that allow our youth's voices to be heard, and that support our youth in owning their own complex narratives so that we can show up for them in the ways they need us to.","Aubrey Plaza":"Actress Aubrey Plaza of Parks and Recreation fame told The Advocate over the summer, “I know I have an androgynous thing going on, and there’s something masculine about my energy. Girls are into me — that’s no secret. Hey, I’m into them too. I fall in love with girls and guys. I can’t help it.”","Caitlyn Jenner":"‘If I was lying on my deathbed and I had kept this secret and never ever did anything about it, I would be lying there saying, “You just blew your entire life. You never dealt with yourself,” and I don’t want that to happen,’ Caitlyn Jenner said in her Vanity Fair interview.The brave Olympian has arguably become one of the most famous trans women in the world since that issue. She has documented her transition in her E! show I Am Cait, and received the Arthur Ashe Courage Award at the ESPYs in July.","Tim Cook":"‘Growing up, I was taught that you distinguish yourself in life by what you do, not by what you say or by how loudly you say it,’ Tim Cook said in his acceptance speech for the Visibility Award given by the Human Rights Campaign.‘But sometimes you just have to be loud. People need to hear that being gay is not a limitation. People need to hear that being gay doesn’t restrict your options in life. People need to hear that you can be gay or transgender and be whatever else you want to in life.’","Miley Cyrus":"Miley Cyrus came out as pansexual in July.‘I am literally open to every single thing that is consenting and doesn’t involve an animal and everyone is of age,’ she told Paper magazine. ‘Everything that’s legal, I’m down with. Yo, I’m down with any adult — anyone over the age of 18 who is down to love me. I don’t relate to being boy or girl, and I don’t have to have my partner relate to boy or girl.’","Keegan Hirst":"Keegan Hirst became the first British rugby league player to come out in August.‘At first I couldn’t even say “I’m gay” in my head, let alone out loud. Now I feel like I’m letting out a long breath that I’ve held in for a long time,’ he told the Sunday Mirror.‘I had a wife and kids. I’ve been a builder, doorman, worked in factories – I play rugby. I tick every macho box. How could I be gay? I’m from Batley for goodness sake. No one is gay in Batley.’He added: ‘The only time I felt free of the torment was when I stepped on the rugby pitch. Now I feel free.’","Sam Stanley":"Sam Stanley followed in September by becoming the first English rugby union player to come out. And not only that, he revealed he was dating a much older guy.‘I remember standing over a bridge and just contemplating whether or not to jump, but now looking back you don’t see anything else to this,’ he said afterwards. ‘You get so down about it you think if you came out you’d be outcasted anyway and hated for it, so why not let that whole feeling of loneliness and anger and hurt just disappear just like that, in the blink of an eye.‘Looking back, it’s a ridiculous decision but I know at the same time there are people who do take that leap, and if that’s something I can stop and help people avoid, that’s a great feeling for me.’","David Denson":"David Denson is the first baseball player affiliated with the MLB to come out as gay.‘Talking with my teammates, they gave me the confidence I needed, coming out to them,’ Denson told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel said to the newspaper. ‘They said, “You’re still our teammate. You’re still our brother. We kind of had an idea, but your sexuality has nothing to do with your ability. You’re still a ballplayer at the end of the day. We don’t treat you any different. We’ve got your back.”’","Ramona Bachmann":"Swiss football star Ramona Bachmann came out shortly after her team won 10-1 against Ecuador in the Women’s World Cup in Canada, announcing she was in a relationship with student Camille Lara.She said: ‘When I hold hands with Camille on the street in Switzerland, people turn. This is not the case in Sweden, and not here in Canada.’","Ty Herndon":"Ty Herndon came out at the age of 51 following years of struggle. He first hit the charts in 1995 with the single What Mattered Most.He came out late in 2014, saying it was time for him to finally be open about who he is.‘I get to finally sing about every bit of my life,’ he told Gay Star News. ‘ I don’t have to pretend. I don’t have to replace the he’s with she’s in the lyrics.’","Billy Gilman":"Another country star, Billy Gilman came out at 27 nearly at the very same time as Ty Herndon.‘The purpose of [coming out] was to explain to my fans who I really am and that I have finally found pure happiness and hopefully you’re along with me for the ride,’ he told Gay Star News.‘It’s not about selling records no matter what people may think. It’s about touching lives.’","Lily Rose-Depp":"Johnny Depp’s daughter Lily came out by posing for the Self Evident Project – ‘a photographic document of 10,000 people in the USA that identify as anything other than 100% straight.’Project founder iO Tillett Wright said: ‘I couldn’t be happier to welcome her to the family. She’s a tiny gem of a good human.’","Jonathan Rachel Clynch":"Jonathan Clynch, an Irish TV news reporter, came out as genderfluid in September. He said he sometimes identifies as male, sometimes as female, and will now go by Jonathan Rachel Clynch.[‘We], both as an employer and broadcaster, value the uniqueness of individuals and encourage diversity and equality,’ RTÉ said.‘We are 100% supportive of Jonathan Rachel who is a valued member of staff and a highly respected journalist.’","Leo Varadkar":"Leo Varadkar became the first gay cabinet member in Ireland. He came out in order to support same-sex marriage.‘It’s not something that defines me. I’m not a half-Indian politician, or a doctor politician or a gay politician for that matter,’ he told RTÉ.‘It’s just part of who I am, it doesn’t define me, it is part of my character I suppose’.","Jess Glynne":"Jess Glynne is one of the most successful British female solo artists, tying with Cheryl Fernandez-Versini to have five number-one singles in the UK. She came out as bisexual in May revealing she was still reeling after being broken up with by a girl.‘It was the first girl I’d ever fallen in love with. I’ve never said that to anyone. It was a relationship that was so new to me. Someone I met working,’ she told ES magazine.‘I don’t know what I want now – to be with a guy, with a girl, be with anyone. I’m so content with just doing this and seeing where it all takes me.’","Matt Cage":"Pro wrestler ‘Money’ Matt Cage came out by apologising to women everywhere.‘Sorry, ladies. I’m officially pulling myself off of the market. Don’t hate me too bad,’ he said in a Facebook page.‘I truly have nothing to hide anymore. I spent the majority of my life lying, hiding and depressed because I felt like I couldn’t truly be who I wanted to be and live freely as I saw fit. I had to act and that’s not me. I, nor anyone else, should have to do that.’","Adam Rippon":"US figure skater Adam Rippon came out as gay at the age of 25.‘‘I want to be a relatable example,’ the skater told US Figure Skating’s official magazine.‘And I want to say something to the dad out there who might be concerned that his son is a figure skater. I mean look at me; I’m just a normal son from small-town Pennsylvania. Nothing changed. I’d just like to be a good role model. I’ve been honest with myself the whole time. I worked hard and loved what I did.’","Cara Delevingne":"Cara Delevingne, as one of the most famous British supermodels in the world, chose a good way of coming out; Vogue.‘It took me a long time to accept the idea, until I first fell in love with a girl at 20 and recognized that I had to accept it,’ she said.‘I think that being in love with my girlfriend [St Vincent] is a big part of why I’m feeling so happy with who I am these days. And for those words to come out of my mouth is actually a miracle.’","Patricia Velásquez":"Patricia Valásquez, the world’s first Latina supermodel, came out as gay after keeping it a secret for decades.‘The reaction and support has been phenomenal,’ Velasquez told Gay Star News. ‘There’s never really been a Hispanic woman from my side say, “Yes, I am gay.”‘‘I’ve had a great career and I fight for so many causes but somebody wrote after the book came out that probably my biggest contribution to humankind has been this book and my coming out.’","Father Krzysztof Olaf Charamsa":"Before the Synod, the meeting of 300 church leaders at the Vatican to discuss sexuality, Poland priest Krzysztof Charamsa came out as gay and was immediately fired from his position.‘It’s time for the church to open its eyes about gay Catholics and to understand that the solution it proposes to them – total abstinence from a life of love – is inhuman,’ he told the Italian daily Corriere della Sera, saying he wanted to challenge the Church’s ‘paranoia’.‘I know that I will have to give up my ministry which is my whole life,’ he added.","Stein Erik Hagen":"Norwegian businessman Stein Erik Hagen is now the richest openly gay man in the world.He’s worth $4.3 billion.Coming out to NRK, he said: ‘I realized that I was gay in adulthood. When I was in my 20s we did not know what it was. We had heard about it, but it was not something we associated ourselves with.’","Nyle DiMarco":"America’s Next Top Model contestant Nyle DiMarco has become the latest celebrity to come out.When asked if he is more into ‘boys or girls’, the series’ first deaf model simply responded ‘fluid’.He also added a link to an Everyday Feminism article about fluid sexuality to make clear any ambiguity."}